Fallen Empires Release 1.0
Tuesday 12 October 1999

---> Introduction

Welcome to Fallen Empires, a highly modified version of the GodWars 1996
codebase. May hours of work have been put into this code so please
respect our work and do not infringe upon any copyrights.


---> Copyright and License

Fallen Empires is based off of the original Diku Mud and the Merc Diku
Mud and is subject to their copyright and license agreements (license.doc
and license.txt, respectively). Additions and modifications to the code
are copyright 1999 by Kai, Rune, and the other Fallen Empires immortals.


In order for you to run a MUD using our codebase you must adhere to Diku
Mud's license agreement, Diku Merc Mud's license agreement, and our own
license agreement.


---> Contents of the Release

area		Area files.
doc		Documentation.
log		Log files    (empty).
player		Player files (empty).
player/backup	Player backup files (empty).
player/store	Player store files (empty).
src		Source files.



---> Installation

(1) Uncompress the release.

	gunzip fe-v10.tar.gz
	tar xvf fe-v10.tar

(2) Go to the 'src' directory.
	cd ~/.fallen/src

(3) Run the Makefile.

	make

    This is should take between 5 and 15 minutes depending on the speed of
    your server. If you run across any compilation problems make changes
    to the code accordingly. This code is provided as is without support.

(4) Run the MUD Server.

	cd ../area
	startup &
	telnet localhost 9999
	
(5) To make your first immortal character, just start as a mortal
    character, kill 5 mobs then save, and then change the level and
    trust fields of your player file to 12.

(6) Read 'license.doc', 'license.txt', and 'license.fe'. Be sure to e-mail
    Fallen Empires letting them know you are using their code.
  

---> What's Next?

The Fallen Empires code is constantly being revised and modified. We
will furnish new versions to the public when we see that an important
change in the code has occurred.

If you have any questions of comments about the code please e-mail us at
kai@grex.org

Thanks and Have Fun,
Kai, Rune, and the rest of the Fallen Empires Immortals.
Fallen Empires  10/12/99
